# April 19, 2006
Earlier this week, I was making my rounds through the neighborhoods around Queen Anne looking for the inevitable garage or estate sale in search of old records and CD’s to add to my collection. Most of these neighborhoods are all old white folks living in these huge houses by themselves, so when they kick the bucket their families are forced to throw away or sell off most of the crap they were hoarding for cheap, which means easy pickings for me. Anyways, I did manage to find one sale, an estate belonging to an old woman who just passed away. As I was sifting through items, I started chatting with the woman running the sale, who was the owner’s granddaughter, and apparently the house had been in their family for generations but she couldn’t afford the taxes on the place anymore so she was trying to get rid of everything and sell it off now that it’s unoccupied. 

I got a great haul from the place: some soul records from the sixties, a few CDs, even some odd trinkets. However, the real topic of discussion is the mystery I found up in the attic. In a corner past some haphazardly stacked boxes of dusty china and, what I presume to be, family relics was this beautiful wooden chest. When I cracked it open, it was filled with someone’s personal belongings, including some aged black and white photos of some man, a super neat fountain pen set, and a leatherbound journal filled with someone’s scrawls, along with what looks to be some composition sketches. The words were almost impossible to make out, but the music I could read for the most part and I just had to take it home and mess around to see what it sounded like. I asked the lady how much she wanted for the chest and its contents, but she said none of it was for sale. I was totally bummed because I left my camera at home and couldn’t snap any photos of the music, but something about that journal was nagging at the back of my mind. I felt horrible about it, but I decided to tuck the journal into my jacket. 

My plan was to pay for the rest of my items, go home and take some shots of the music, and then return the following day to the sale, sneak back into the attic, and return the journal to the chest. When I went back the next day, though, the estate sale signs were gone and instead there was a for sale sign in front of the house and no sign of the owner. I guess maybe she sold off everything in one day or something, but now I’m stuck with this journal and a guilty conscience. I’m still working with the music and there’s a lot of ideas in here, ideas that are a little beyond me at the moment, but I think I’ll try deciphering the journal soon too. Who knows, maybe there’s a name in here that could help me track down the owner and return it?

---
April 19, 2006
